## Introduction/Business Problem
London is a diverse city with a history stretching back to the days of the roman empire. As such, the city has been home to a number of different cultures and ethnicities. In present day London, certain boroughs and regions of the city are concentrated to have speciality foods and services, e.g. Chinatown for Asian food and Soho for fusion. The purpose of this project is to identify the most common borough location for a given speciality food. Such a list will allow prospective businesses to identify an ideal location to establish a new restaurant either within a known community or to help in diversifying the offerings within the borough.

## Data
The project will first compile a list of london boroughs and associated coordinates from the following wikitable link:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_London_boroughs
 
A venue list will then be compiled for each location using the Foursquare API and any food venues with the "restaurant" or "cafe" identifier will be filtered out and processed to identify food speciality. As the boroughs vary in size from 4.6--34 mi^2, the venue list will be compiled based on 60% of a respective borough size to minimize duplicate venue generation between neighboring boroughs. This data would then be assessed by cluster analysis to identify the primary speciality. The presence of the style compared to other venues within in the borough will also be assessed to help compile a ranked list of boroughs whereby a particular food speciality is most likely found.